docs/docs/download-and-install-fireback.mdx, before:

---
title: Download and install fireback
sidebar_position: 2
---

## Recommended installers

Fireback comes with MSI intallers for Windows, Packages for mac, and Debian packages for ubuntu.
Installers will register the binary in the PATH and are recommended way to install:

<span style={{color: '#CA3433'}}>
**Installers are not signed at this moment, you might need to allow installing from unknown sources, or install it using go install 
which is explained later in this document.**
</span>

### Macosx installers:

<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_silicon_arm64.pkg">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_silicon_arm64.pkg</a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_intel_amd64.pkg">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_intel_amd64.pkg</a>

### Windows msi installers:

<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_win_amd64_installer.msi">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_win_amd64_installer.msi</a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_win_arm64_installer.msi">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_win_arm64_installer.msi</a>

### Debian installers:

<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-amd64.deb">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-amd64.deb</a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-arm64.deb">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-arm64.deb</a>

### Vscode extension

Gives you fireback assist, such as Module3 auto completion
<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-tools.vsix">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-tools.vsix</a>


### Using 'go install'

You can install fireback using `go install github.com/torabian/fireback/cmd/fireback@latest`
This would install it from source, and should be available in `go/bin` folder.
Sometimes, your `go/bin` folder is not in your path, you need to add it. (Also check the next section)

You might need to add the go/bin to your path, for example mac or linux:

```bash
echo 'export PATH="$PATH:$HOME/go/bin"' >> ~/.bashrc && source ~/.bashrc
```

If your system is reporting that the `fireback` command is missing, make sure you have followed the Go installation guide correctly. Normally, it means that the go/bin directory in your User's home directory is not in the PATH environment variable. You will also normally need to close and reopen any open command prompts so that changes to the environment made by the installer are reflected at the command prompt.

Commit message:

Update documentation & create the boilerplate zip release (#99)
* Add the boilerplate project into release and update the document for user flow

* Fix the address of the boilerplate upon upload

* Fix the name

* Update the docs for boilerplate

docs/docs/download-and-install-fireback.mdx, after:

---
title: Download and install fireback
sidebar_position: 2
---

## Quick start: Get the boilerplate

If you want build your project using Fireback,
This method doesn't need to install anything globally or admin rights. Just download the latest boilerplate, unzip, use `make`
to build the project. Boilerplate inludes only go and react.js project, also config for VSCode.

Make sure you have necessary plugins installed for VSCode to have better experience

<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-boilerplate.zip">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-boilerplate.zip</a>

**Note:** You need to have go lang installed, and check `main.go` to adjust description or go module.

## Recommended installers

Fireback comes with MSI intallers for Windows, Packages for mac, and Debian packages for ubuntu.
Installers will register the binary in the PATH and are recommended way to install:

<span style={{color: '#CA3433'}}>
**Installers are not signed at this moment, you might need to allow installing from unknown sources, or install it using go install 
which is explained later in this document.**
</span>

### Macosx installers:

<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_silicon_arm64.pkg">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_silicon_arm64.pkg</a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_intel_amd64.pkg">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_intel_amd64.pkg</a>

### Windows msi installers:

<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_win_amd64_installer.msi">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_win_amd64_installer.msi</a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_win_arm64_installer.msi">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback_win_arm64_installer.msi</a>

### Debian installers:

<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-amd64.deb">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-amd64.deb</a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-arm64.deb">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-arm64.deb</a>

### Vscode extension

Deprecated vscode extension, not recommended.
<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-tools.vsix">https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-tools.vsix</a>


### Using 'go install'

You can install fireback using `go install github.com/torabian/fireback/cmd/fireback@latest`
This would install it from source, and should be available in `go/bin` folder.
Sometimes, your `go/bin` folder is not in your path, you need to add it. (Also check the next section)

You might need to add the go/bin to your path, for example mac or linux:

```bash
echo 'export PATH="$PATH:$HOME/go/bin"' >> ~/.bashrc && source ~/.bashrc
```

If your system is reporting that the `fireback` command is missing, make sure you have followed the Go installation guide correctly. Normally, it means that the go/bin directory in your User's home directory is not in the PATH environment variable. You will also normally need to close and reopen any open command prompts so that changes to the environment made by the installer are reflected at the command prompt.
