docs/docs/vscode-extension-and-developing.mdx, before:

---
title: VSCode extension and Developing 
sidebar_position: 4
---

For each release, there is a VSCode extension coming with Fireback, which could provide
a visual yaml editor, and autosuggestions. Still on version 1.1.27, The "Run on Save"
plugin is needed, simply to regenerated fireback while saving Module3.yaml files.

## Fireback Tools extention.


Installation is available on marketplace and github releases, press Cmd+Shift+X to search for 
Fireback extention.

* https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=AliTorabi.fireback-tools
* https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-tools.vsix

You can install Fireback tools extension from VSCode market place. It offers Module3 visual designer,
as well as some intelisense for Module3.yml files autocompletion.


**Plugin requires that `fireback` binary to be installed already on your computer.**
If you have installed it in a different place, go to your `.vscode/settings.json` of project
and add the following settings:

```
{
    "fireback.serverPath": "/var/apps/exactplaceoffirebackbinary",
    ... other configs
}
```

and then restart the extension to get access to language server.

## Code completion

This extension offers a code completion feature. For any file which would end on `Module3.yml`, it provides
intelisense to some extension.

## Module3 Designer

You can access module3 visual designer, when you are in a Module3.yml file, and Command+Shift+P and then type:
`Fireback: Module3 Designer` it would popup on the sidebar, and you can edit the modules using forms.

It might remove extra comments you have added on the yaml though.

Commit message:

Intelisense changes to use yaml suggestion for Module3

docs/docs/vscode-extension-and-developing.mdx, after:

---
title: VSCode extension and Developing 
sidebar_position: 4
---

For each release, there is a VSCode extension coming with Fireback, which could provide
a visual yaml editor, and autosuggestions. Still on version 1.1.27, The "Run on Save"
plugin is needed, simply to regenerated fireback while saving Module3.yaml files.

## Fireback Tools extention.


Installation is available on marketplace and github releases, press Cmd+Shift+X to search for 
Fireback extention.

* https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=AliTorabi.fireback-tools
* https://github.com/torabian/fireback/releases/latest/download/fireback-tools.vsix

You can install Fireback tools extension from VSCode market place. It offers Module3 visual designer,
as well as some intelisense for Module3.yml files autocompletion.


**Plugin requires that `fireback` binary to be installed already on your computer.**
If you have installed it in a different place, go to your `.vscode/settings.json` of project
and add the following settings:

```
{
    "fireback.serverPath": "/var/apps/exactplaceoffirebackbinary",
    ... other configs
}
```

and then restart the extension to get access to language server.

## Code completion


<span style={{color: 'red'}}>**Important:** This extension autocompletion is not good enough. You need to install Redhat Yaml Language Support
Plugin in VSCode. Upon first compiling of Fireback projects, json schema will be created in .jsonschemas
folder for you.</span>


This extension offers a code completion feature. For any file which would end on `Module3.yml`, it provides
intelisense to some extension.

## Module3 Designer

You can access module3 visual designer, when you are in a Module3.yml file, and Command+Shift+P and then type:
`Fireback: Module3 Designer` it would popup on the sidebar, and you can edit the modules using forms.

It might remove extra comments you have added on the yaml though.
