docs/docs/deeper/xhtml.mdx, before:

---
title: XHtml
sidebar_position: 2
---

XHtml is a output type in Fireback actions, which returns an html template.
You an create html files in a folder, embed them, and then XHtml would render them.
Upon development, they are being read from disk, and on production they are read from embed file system.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jEgbZGyhMNw?si=cLadVcAhNo7jtRQ9" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>


XHtml is perfect answer for the classic get/postback forms, you can make an endpoint to show your page,
or accept a post back content and do some action on top of it.


All you need to do on an action is, to set the `out.xhtml` to true:


```yaml
...
actions:
   - name: getHome
     url: /
     method: get
     out:
       xhtml: true
   - name: postHome
     url: /
     method: post
     out:
       xhtml: true
     in:
       fields:
       - name: firstName
         type: string

```

When the action file is being generated, there are some helper commands for you to understand how to return
the screen name, and parameters.

This tutorial defintely worth a workshop in a video form.

Commit message:

Add the payment module to Fireback (#166)
* Add the payment module

* Add payment module to refresh

* Rebuild the UI

* Fix the count bug, since the payment menu being added it's now 4

docs/docs/deeper/xhtml.mdx, after:

---
title: XHtml
sidebar_position: 2
---

XHtml is a output type in Fireback actions, which returns an html template.
You an create html files in a folder, embed them, and then XHtml would render them.
Upon development, they are being read from disk, and on production they are read from embed file system.

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jEgbZGyhMNw?si=cLadVcAhNo7jtRQ9" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>


XHtml is the simplest form of building websites, without additional framework, using pure css, almost pure html,
and of course pure javascript. XHtml is perfect answer for the classic get/postback forms, you can make an endpoint to show your page,
or accept a post back content and do some action on top of it.

All you need to do on an action is, to set the `out.xhtml` to true:


```yaml
...
actions:
   - name: getHome
     url: /
     method: get
     out:
       xhtml: true
   - name: postHome
     url: /
     method: post
     out:
       xhtml: true
     in:
       fields:
       - name: firstName
         type: string

```

Following code would create a GetHomeAction.go and PostHomeAction.go files.
After here, you need to create `screens` folder, and create your html and static assets there.

I would invite you to watch the video instead.

## Conventions

All files can go to the screens folder, regardless of their type. Go codes treated as normal fireback modules,
and you will pass the data to them directly.

Shared templates need to live in the `screens/shared` as go template.


## Notes regarding XHtml

Xhtml renders static assets, such as link, img, script tags relative to the markup template, and on the fly,
changes the import paths. This causes all intelisense on simple html to work, as well as javascript intelises.
Fireback combines css, and minifies them, but js won't be bundled, instead would be using import/export native feature
of the browser to import other files.
